What's that?
Hey, Goo Gil.
Hey, Pil.
This guy here is beating someone up.
- An assault? - Yes, exactly.
Where are you right now?
I'm at the back alley of the supermarket.
Pil.
Give me a second.
- Are you all right? - I'm sorry.
Look at your face. Goodness.
What do you want?
Hello? Goo Gil. Goo Gil.
Can you hear me?
Goo Gil. Goo Gil!
Hello? Can you hear me?
Goo Gil. Goo Gil.
Hold on for a minute.
Nothing is going on, and you're okay, right?
You have to hold on. I'll be there soon.
Hello? Can you hear me?
Goo Gil, I'm nearby.
Give me a moment.
- Goo Gil. Goo Gil. - Bong Pil?
Nothing's going on, right? Are you okay?
Wait, what?
Why did it have to be him?
Goo Gil. Goo Gil!
Goo Gil, wake up.
Goo Gil.
What happened to you?
Is this the 911?
A man is down.
Yes, we are near 14 Hyehwa-dong.
Yes, come quickly.
(Episode 13)
Did you know a lot about Jae Hyun before marriage?
What are you talking about all of a sudden?
I was wondering...
if you got married to him after getting to know him.
I'm not entirely sure if he's a good man.
He may be good to you on the surface,
but I'm sure there is something you don't know.
Jae Hyun.
- You're home late. - Yes.
Why are you sweating so much?
I ran home so I could do some exercise.
I see.
Yes?
What? Goo Gil's hurt?
Yes. Okay.
What is it?
What do I do, Jae Hyun?
Goo Gil got assaulted.
He's in the hospital.
- What? - I need to go see him.
- Okay, let's go. - Okay.
Yes, it's me.
I brought the assault victim...
to a hospital.
I'm with the victim.
I'll call you back once I hear from the doctor.
Okay.
I administered first aid to the patient.
Thank you.
- Goo Gil! - Goo Gil.
What happened?
Goo Gil got assaulted.
He witnessed an assault and called me.
I think he got attacked too.
How is he right now?
He hasn't woken up yet,
but I don't think it's a serious injury.
Goo Gil.
- Hey. - Goo Gil.
- Goo Gil. - Are you awake?
Where am I?
You're in a hospital.
Pil found you and brought you here.
Goo Gil, are you okay?
Yes, I'm okay.
- I'll get... - No.
Goo Gil. Don't move.
You need to have more tests.
Look at your face.
You should've ran away.
Why did you get involved?
How can I run away when someone's being attacked?
Do you remember anything about the assailant?
Did you see his face?
No.
It all happened so fast.
Guys.
- Soo Jin. - Soo Jin.
Are you all right?
Why did you come? It's nothing serious.
I heard you got hurt. How could I not come?
Jae Hyun, you came too.
Of course. I was really worried about you.
Thank you...
for coming.
Thank goodness you didn't get hurt more.
By the way, did you catch the culprit?
No, not yet.
Goo Gil.
I'll catch him no matter what.
Don't worry.
I have to go back to the scene.
My colleagues must be there by now.
Please take good care of him.
Pil, be careful.
- Bye. - Be careful.
I can't believe this.
What happened?
I'm not sure.
Goodness.
Gosh. Please get out of the way.
How is the victim?
He didn't get any serious injury.
I left after I saw him wake up.
Did you find any evidence?
No. Nothing at all. It's perfectly clean.
He's terribly cunning.
We need to check that surveillance camera.
(Police)
Wait.
This guy is suspicious.
Yes. Other than the victims,
he's the only person who entered the scene.
Zoom in.
He's slim.
He's about 180cm tall.
His face is completely covered.
It'd be nice if we have something more concrete.
Let's go back to the scene...
tomorrow morning.
Yes, sir.
He covered his whole face with a mask.
There has been...
another assault in the heart of Seoul.
Last night, in a tunnel in Eunha-gu,
a man assaulted Mr. Park for no reason.
Then he attacked Mr. Yang, a witness.
The police started an investigation.
The police released...
the surveillance video of the suspect...
and announced him as being wanted.
What are you watching?
Jae Hyun. Goo Gil's case is on the news.
The attacker was caught on tape.
He was wearing a black cap and a black mask.
Let's eat breakfast.
- Okay. - The continuous...
- assaults... - Wait.
Jae Hyun, what happened to your neck?
Did you get hurt?
No, it's a shaving nick.
That must hurt. Let me get some ointment.
It's okay. I'll do it.
- What? - Let's eat.
Okay. It might leave a scar.
There.
Pil said he was on the case.
Did he find anything?
Well, I'm not sure.
I haven't talked to him.
I'll ask him when I see him.
Okay.
Jae Hyun, I'll get your suit out.
Eat up.
Okay.
We secured a surveillance video.
Was it this man?
I'm not sure. I don't remember.
He's dazed. Please catch the culprit.
Hello. I have a question to ask you.
There was an assault over there last night.
I'm looking for a man.
Have you seen this man?
No.
All right.
Have you been waiting long?
Hi, how are you?
Not well.
Did the attacker look like this?
I'm not sure.
I was completely out of it then.
What? Goo Gil was assaulted?
Yes. It was on the news.
So that news was about Goo Gil?
Goodness.
Is Goo Gil okay?
He's in the hospital.
His injury isn't serious,
but I was so shocked.
Gosh, I can't believe it.
What kind of madman would do that?
I know.
Don't go out at night.
You be careful.
Tell Jae Hyun to come home early.
Even grown men are getting beat up.
I don't feel safe.
Me neither.
I told Jae Hyun to close the pharmacy early.
By the way, how are you and Jae Hyun doing?
We're doing well.
Be nice to Jae Hyun.
I haven't seen anyone...
as nice as Jae Hyun.
Goodness, all right.
This...
is the kimchi and dried filefish Jae Hyun likes.
Take them home with you.
Yes! Thanks, Mom.
I'll give some to Goo Gil too.
All right.
I think the juice truck is closed today.
What happened?
Can you call her and find out what happened?
Yes, sir.
Hello?
Is the juice truck not open today?
I want to order some drinks for our meeting.
I see.
Okay, bye.
What did she say?
She says it's closed for today.
Did something happen?
- Open up. - Okay.
It's good to be hurt...
because you feed me yourself like this.
Shall I not recover?
Stop the nonsense and eat up.
Give me more meat.
Here. Open up.
You're eating.
- You're here, Soo Jin. - Hi.
- Are you okay? - I'm okay.
My mom gave me some side dishes to share with you.
I made enough side dishes for him.
But thanks, Soo Jin.
You must be going through a lot.
I saw it on the news about your case.
I saw it too.
By the way,
I might be famous because of it. What do you think?
It's not something to be happy about.
Don't butt in others' business from now on.
You aren't even good at fighting.
I wasn't feeling well that day.
Hit him some more.
- Gosh, it hurts. - You need more beating.
Pil, you're here.
Hi.
I didn't know you're here, Soo Jin.
Did you find out anything about the culprit?
Nothing yet.
I've talked to all the victims,
and they said they didn't see his face.
I have no clue.
Hey,
I have something to say to you about it.
When I woke up,
I remembered something.
What is it?
I think there was a scar on his wrist.
- A scar? - Yes.
It wasn't a small scar.
It was pretty big.
Jung Ae, can you get me a pen and a paper?
Okay.
Look.
Like this. He had a long scar...
on his wrist like this one.
Right.
Something like this one.
Right, that's him.
What do you mean?
Well...
I've seen a man with a scar like this before.
- Who is that man? - Who is that punk?
I caught him beating up a person then too.
But I missed him in the end.
I think it's the same person.
You should've caught him then.
Who on earth is doing this?
I'm sure he's a lunatic.
Dal Soo.
I'll report this to the headquarters...
so that they refer to it in their investigation.
All right. Let's get him for certain.
I want to see that punk's face.
Please catch him for us.
Soo Jin.
You have a lot of stuff, I'll take you to home.
It's fine.
It seems heavy.
No, I'm okay. It's not heavy.
We're friends. You can accept this kind of favor.
I won't be able to treat you like I did before...
since you have hateful feelings toward Jae Hyun.
We need some time.
Bye.
Soo Jin.
Jae Hyun...
You know how I become when I get mad.
If you try to see her once again,
I won't let it slide, so you better behave.
If I can't have him,
no one can have him.
There's a scar on Jae Hyun's wrist too.
I don't feel good about it.
All right.
Hello?
It's me, Young Ju.
Shall we have some tea together?
Thank you.
The weather is so nice.
It would've been great to go take pictures with you.
I know. Let's make sure to do that next time.
I love your scarf by the way.
Where did you get it?
It's a gift from someone.
Who?
Your boyfriend?
Yes.
He has such good taste.
You must be happy.
In fact, I'm not.
I was taken away that man by some woman.
We dated for a long time,
but he ended up marrying another woman.
Goodness.
It must be hard for you.
It is.
I love him very much even now.
Cheer up.
I'm sure you'll meet someone better than him.
I don't need someone else.
It has to be him.
If there's...
a woman who loves your husband more than you do,
can you give up on him for her sake?
My goodness.
That's never going to happen.
Why not?
Jae Hyun was originally my man,
so you must give him back to me!
If it wasn't for you,
I would've been...
next to him now.
You took away my place. Do you get it?
Who...
are you?
Me?
I am...
Jae Hyun's lover.
Let me give you a warning.
You won't be able to live with him for a long time.
Because I'm the only one...
who can handle him.
You're crazy.
I have nothing more to say,
so I'll go.
Did you know...
he was convicted for assault...
and was hospitalized in a mental institute before?
See?
You can't handle him.
I don't trust what you say.
I don't trust you at all.
[VIU Ver] Episode 13 Manhole "Did You Know Him Well?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Come to your senses.
She's just a crazy woman.
You shouldn't...
trust what she said.
(The Security Footage of Random Assault Found)
Goodness, this is rather annoying.
Is this a travel agency?
I want to travel to the UK.
Yes.
Who's this?
Oh, her? She's the one who found your phone.
I met her again while I was taking some pictures.
- Really? - Isn't she pretty?
I'm sure it's not the case.
It can't be.
I'm home.
Oh, hey.
Is something going on?
You don't look so well.
Is it because your friend got hurt?
No.
Anyway, Jae Hyun.
Do you remember the woman...
who found your phone for you?
Are you acquainted with her?
Why do you ask?
I...
met Ms. Park Young Ju today.
And she said...
she dated you for a long time.
Is that true?
Yes.
Then why did you ask me...
like you didn't know her when I showed you?
I didn't want...
you to know about her.
When I saw that picture,
I figured she was trying to get to you.
I went over to tell her to stop seeing you.
But...
I guess she didn't listen.
I mean,
you're a married man now.
What's with her?
If you met her, I'm sure you know by now...
that she is mentally unstable.
She's been stalking me and watching me...
even after we broke up.
She put me through a period of rough time.
I thought about taking legal measures,
but she was still someone I dated.
So I couldn't go that far.
Jae Hyun.
You should've told me about this before.
Do you know how shocked I was today?
I'm sorry, Soo Jin.
It's all my fault.
You said she's mentally unstable.
I'm sure you couldn't do anything about her.
You must have been very surprised.
I'll do something to make sure...
she doesn't come near you.
Okay.
You should be careful too.
Hello.
Seok Tae, do you remember that park...
with that manhole we closed up.
Yes, why?
What's happening with the maintenance?
Someone reported that the cement is shattered.
What?
Goodness, Pil. He must be insane.
What did he use?
My gosh, where did he get this?
Where is he right now? I'll get him.
I'll kill him.
A scar on his wrist?
The victim said he had a long scar on his wrist.
It was shaped like this.
Don't you think this can be used as a lead?
How can we find this guy with a scar?
We can't go around searching for scars.
We need some suspects to check their scars.
It's better than nothing.
We might find someone if we single out...
an ex-convict with a scar on their wrist.
Hand it over to the detective in charge.
Yes, sir.
How's your friend doing?
Oh, he's still in the hospital.
But he's recovering faster than I thought.
That's a relief.
I'm sure you're bummed out because of your friend,
but hand over the case to the detective in charge,
and keep it up in this patrol division.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Pil.
Did you do that to the manhole at the park?
What's with him?
No, don't worry.
I'll take care of this one.
Hey, let's talk outside.
- Yes, but... - Move, move.
Come out.
We need to talk.
Are you crazy?
Why did you do that?
Were you trying to time travel again?
Think about how desperate I was.
You wouldn't do anything for me,
so I had to do that myself.
Are you into some kind of a new age religion?
Is it called the Holy Manhole?
You've been kind of crazy recently.
I understand that you cannot believe me.
But think about how I felt when I asked you for that.
I knew I would come off as crazy.
Do you understand how desperate I am?
Fine, let's say what you said is true.
Why are you trying to travel through time?
Because I'm not happy.
This isn't the reality which I chose.
No matter how much I try,
I can't change anything in this reality.
Hey.
If you sound this serious all of a sudden,
did you think I would believe you?
I'm warning you.
If you do this again,
I'll get you fired. Okay?
Get ahold of yourself.
Goodness, I need to iron this shirt.
The pants are...
What?
What's this?
Jae Hyun.
I found this inside your pocket.
Why did you get tickets to go to the UK?
It was a surprise, but you got me.
It's our anniversary soon.
You said you wanted to take pictures there,
so I prepared those as a present.
Jae Hyun.
We'll close the pharmacy for a week...
and travel there.
Okay, then.
Just thinking about that makes me feel excited.
Oh, right. What happened to Goo Gil?
He'll be discharged today.
Did they find any lead on who did that to him?
I don't think so.
I mean, it was a random assault.
He's not going to be caught easily.
I guess you're right.
Right.
We have to do a homework before we go.
- What is it? - I noticed that...
it's Mother's birthday while we're in the UK.
Let's meet up with her and get her a present.
No way. You don't need to get her a present.
I just need to give her enough cash.
Cash? There's not much thought into that.
Come with me.
Okay.
- I'll get changed. - Okay.
Look at you.
You should've stayed there longer.
It's not like I'm dying.
I needed to reopen this place too.
You're overly diligent.
It's not like you make a lot.
(Assistant)
Hello?
Yes, I can't make a delivery today either.
Yes, no. We can deliver.
Pardon?
The same as before? So, 40 cups?
Yes, sure. Of course.
Yes, we'll be there very soon.
Thank you. Yes.
I'm really fine.
You should go and open your business.
You'll lose all of your customers.
That's not what's important now.
- Listen to me. - Don't go there again.
I'm really fine. You should go.
Okay.
I'll be right back after the delivery.
So stay here and get some rest, okay?
- Yes, ma'am. - I'll be back.
(Blue Moon Trading Company)
Sir, it's time for the board meeting.
I ordered beverages...
from the juice truck from last time.
Good. Please keep doing that.
Yes, sir.
By the way,
did you find out why it was closed yesterday?
Well,
the man who came here with Ms. Hong...
- You mean Goo Gil? - Yes.
It looks like he had an accident.
An accident? What?
He was assaulted at night and was hospitalized.
What?
The board meeting is starting soon.
I'll be right back.
Make up an excuse.
- There. - Sir.
Sir.
Sir!
Wait. You can't go.
- I won't be long. - My goodness.
- Mr. Kim. - Hi, juice delivery.
Where do you want it?
Sir.
Dal Soo.
Jung Ae.
Is he...
the one who ordered juice...
from my store?
Well...
I mean...
The thing is...
Jung Ae.
Let's talk.
Talk about what?
You pity me, so you secretly bought my juice.
I wanted to help you.
Exactly. You pitied me.
Am I a beggar?
Am I that poor? Do you feel bad for me?
Is that why?
I'm leaving. I don't want to see you again.
I said let's talk.
You left the neighborhood, and stopped contacting...
and seeing us.
Why are you pretending to worry now?
It's because I'm worried about you guys.
You're suffering while running the juice truck,
and Goo Gil is hurt.
Of course I'm worried about you.
Yes, I'm running a juice truck,
and Goo Gil is hurt.
So what? Why do you care?
- Good afternoon, ma'am. - Hi.
You're here.
What brings you here?
I'm here to have lunch with you.
Isn't it almost time for the board meeting?
- Where are you going? - Nowhere.
- Let's go, Mother. - Okay.
- Let's go. - All right.
(Blue Moon Trading Company)
Jerk.
It seems heavy.
No, I'm okay. It's not heavy.
I won't be able to treat you like I did before...
since you have hateful feelings toward Jae Hyun.
We need some time.
Bye.
Soo Jin.
Why do we...
keep growing apart?
(Police)
- Salute. - Pil.
The attacker is a wanted man now.
Let's distribute these posters around.
Yes, sir.
(The Assault Case Suspect Wanted)
Mother, choose what you like.
Thanks to you, we're living so comfortably.
Soo Jin got herself such a great husband.
Goodness.
Honey. Please don't groan. Be quiet.
Okay. You try it too.
You'll feel so relaxed.
Go ahead, Mom. Try it.
Shall I?
All right.
("The Four Seasons" by Vivaldi)
Mom, does it play music?
Goodness. It does.
Listening to music while getting a massage...
feels great.
Thank you.
It's delicious.
Jae Hyun, thanks.
Thank you for the massage chair.
I'll do better for your birthday next year.
How can you do any better?
You're already so good to us.
By the way, we're leaving for England in a few days.
England? Why?
Jae Hyun booked a trip to England...
for our wedding anniversary.
Goodness.
Soo Jin, you're so lucky.
You'll be spending all your earnings.
I'm making money for my family.
Don't say that.
Well...
I need to go back to the pharmacy now.
All right.
Take your time.
Okay. See you at home.
- Bye, Jae Hyun. - Bye.
- Eat up. - Okay.
Hey, Jae Hyun left his cell phone.
What do we do?
Goodness.
Well,
I'll stop by the pharmacy on the way home.
- Okay. - All right.
Eat up.
(Pharmacy)
What brings you here?
I'm distributing the wanted posters.
I see. I hope you catch him soon.
This is really serious.
Give it to me. I'll put it up.
I think a piece of it broke off.
Is this key chain yours?
Yes, why do you ask?
It's broken.
We found something similar...
to this key at the crime scene near the tunnel.
I pass by the tunnel every day,
so I could've dropped it there.
This was broken a long time ago.
I think the attacker had a scar on his wrist.
Excuse me.
May I see your wrist?
Why?
I need to check something.
Are you suspecting me as the attacker?
The situation makes you seem suspicious.
I know you don't like me because of Soo Jin.
You shouldn't suspect a man for personal reasons.
You wish that I was the assailant, right?
Because then you can have Soo Jin.
What?
If you think I'm the culprit,
catch me.
What did you just say?
Catch me if you can.
Hey.
You...
You did it, didn't you?
You jerk. Tell the truth.
You did it, didn't you? You attacked Goo Gil!
Why did you do it?
Why did you do it, jerk?
Answer me!
- Goodness. - Police?
- I'm at a pharmacy. - Goodness.
A policeman is hitting a pharmacist.
- Please hurry up. - Goodness.
- My gosh. - Call the police.
Hey! What are you doing?
Stop it.
Jae Hyun, are you okay?
Goodness.
Pil. Why did you hit Jae Hyun?
What's the reason?
I think...
Pil is suspecting me.
The piece of a key chain he found...
at the crime scene matches my key chain.
It seems like he thinks I'm the assailant.
What?
Hey.
Are you crazy?
Are you out of your mind?
How can you conclude that he's the culprit?
How can you call yourself a police officer?
Soo Jin.
You must not trust this guy.
He's dangerous.
Pil.
I don't think I can see you anymore.
No, I won't see you anymore.
Starting from today, you and I are strangers.
You're not my friend anymore.
Get out.
Get out of here!
Are you okay, Jae Hyun?
- Oh, no. - Pil.
There has been a report...
that a police officer was fighting with a civilian.
Was that you?
Yes.
Are you out of your mind?
You can't do that!
Why did you do it?
What on earth is the reason...
that a police officer would hit a civilian?
Mr. Choi.
He's the culprit of the assault case.
- What? - The ornament...
we found at the scene is a part of his key ring.
Pil.
You're not a prosecutor or a detective.
Let's say he's the culprit like you claim.
Can you beat the culprit up like that?
If he takes it to court,
it'll be considered seriously. Do you get it?
Do you want to resign?
After you leave work today, go beg him...
for forgiveness, okay?
I will never do that.
Hey.
Hey, Pil!
It must hurt a lot.
Does it hurt?
I'm sorry, Jae Hyun.
I didn't know...
Pil hated you that much.
You don't need to be sorry.
Jae Hyun.
By any chance,
are you going to report him?
I mean, it's true that he's at fault,
but I think it's too harsh to make him get punished.
How can you say that when I got beaten up by him?
He became a police officer only recently.
He might get fired if he gets in trouble for this.
He studied so hard to become a police officer.
It'll be too bad for him.
Jae Hyun.
Let's forgive him just once.
Instead, I'll make sure...
you won't get emotionally hurt because of him.
Please.
Jae Hyun?
Okay. I'll go get washed up.
Okay.
Why did he...
want to see my wrist?
Why are things going so complicated?
(The Assault Case Suspect Wanted)
Soo Jin.
I try not to suspect him,
but why do I keep feeling like he's a bad guy?
I don't know about anything else,
but I'm worried about you so much.
I'm worried about you that it's driving me crazy.
What brings you here, Mom?
I bought a box of fruits,
and there were too many so I brought you some.
They'll only go bad if I keep them at home.
- Oranges! - They're fresh.
Hello.
You didn't go for work yet.
I'm about to.
- Okay. - Enjoy your time.
Okay, bye.
Goodness, Soo Jin.
What happened to his face?
Well... It's nothing.
It's something.
Is he the victim of the assault case?
No, that's not it.
Explain so I can understand!
Who hurt my precious son-in-law?
Who is it?
Goodness. What brings you two here?
That little punk.
Look.
Where's Pil?
Why do you ask?
I'm speechless.
Can a police officer beat up a person?
Pil beat up my son-in-law...
that his face became a mess.
What?
I need to talk to Pil right now.
Goodness.
Pil, come out already!
You must be mistaken. Calm down first.
We're not mistaken.
You all know that Pil isn't fond of...
my son-in-law.
What bad feelings does he have against Soo Jin...
that he spent his entire life tormenting her?
How long is he going to act like this?
Pil, wake up.
I heard you hit Jae Hyun.
Why did you hit him? Tell us why you did that.
Tell us already, you brat.
I have nothing to say.
Right, no words can justify your action.
You took it out on him...
because you're still not over Soo Jin, right?
Is it really because of her?
I'm sorry,
but I don't want to say anything now.
Please leave me alone.
He's making my life so miserable.
Why do you live like this?
What are you going to do?
Let's go out for now.
Goodness.
Let's go out.
What? Pil hit Jae Hyun?
Yes, so Soo Jin won't see him anymore.
Why did he do that?
What did he do so wrong?
Pil drove him as the assailant.
What?
On what grounds?
There's an ornament attached to his key ring.
The broken part was found in the assault site.
Still, he can't suspect Jae Hyun.
He went too far.
He didn't like Jae Hyun in the first place.
He must've wanted to frame him.
He's not in his right mind these days.
He said that he time travels through a manhole.
What nonsense is that?
Time traveling?
Wait a second. Hey, Pil.
Where are you going? Come over here.
Do you call yourself a human?
How could you suspect Jae Hyun and hit him?
Right, how did you manage to become...
a police officer with those poor eyes of yours?
He seemed to be a good guy.
That's right.
You went too far this time.
Have you gone blind out of jealousy?
You shouldn't have done that in any case.
It's not that.
Stop being nosy when you know nothing.
Everyone else knows except for you...
that he is a good guy.
Soo Jin asked him not to report you...
and he said okay.
I would report you right away if I were him.
Right. Be thankful...
and repent, okay?
- What? - Hey.
Where is he going?
He's all mad when he's the one who's at fault.
I'm sorry for what my subordinate did to you.
I apologize on his behalf.
It's okay. I understand.
He'll get punished...
for what he's done,
but could you forgive him and not report him?
He's a young fellow with bright future,
and one mistake shouldn't stop him.
Sure, I'll let it go.
He's not a stranger after all.
You're so handsome...
and broadminded as well. Thank you so much.
I'll leave you then. Goodbye.
Bye.
Oh, right.
Take these and share with your colleagues.
Gosh, you shouldn't...
Then I'll take just one.
Thank you so much.
So why did he act up?
I just met with Mr. Park Jae Hyun.
Thankfully, he wanted to show you mercy.
It won't come down to the worst situation.
You should be thankful that he's a good man.
But still,
you can't be forgiven for beating a civilian.
You will be suspended for a month.
Keep that in mind.
No.
People can be like that...
when they get angry.
It's nothing.
Hey, wait.
You can go ahead. I'll be right behind you.
Sure.
Soo Jin.
- We need to talk. - Let go.
I told you not to say hello to me.
I heard you told Jae Hyun not to report me.
Don't be delusional.
I didn't do this for you.
Why did you do that?
You should've let him report me.
I'm sure you resent and hate me for doing that.
I thought of your parents who were so glad that...
you finally got a job. That's why.
If it wasn't for them,
I would've reported you myself.
As I told you yesterday,
I don't think of you as a friend anymore.
This is the last favor I do for you.
No one will believe me.
Soo Jin is beginning to hate me more and more.
Each day just gets worse and worse.
Hey.
How can you take me away from this awful place?
What can I do?
What are you doing here?
Hey, are you just getting off work?
Are you trying to break into the manhole again?
Don't worry.
I don't have the energy to do that.
Goodness.
Hey.
Stop causing trouble in Soo Jin's family...
who's happily married.
You need to get ahold of yourself.
Sure.
Everyone thinks I'm the bad guy.
Would I...
Would I do that to an innocent man?
I don't care. Whatever.
Anyway, anyone can see that you were wrong.
So you need to apologize to Jae Hyun...
and to Soo Jin.
I understand you still have feelings for her,
but if you like her, you can't do this to her.
You need to stop this for the sake...
of Soo Jin's happiness.
Welcome.
Wow, you don't look very well.
I guess so.
How are you feeling?
It seems like your wounds are healing.
I can really take a beating, you know.
I need an ointment to get rid of scars.
Sure.
You must be angry because of Pil.
He's been a bit odd since when he was a kid.
I thank you so much...
for showing him mercy.
It's nothing.
He's Soo Jin's friend too.
Here you are.
What is it?
Oh, it's nothing.
- How much is this? - Five dollars.
Five dollars. Here you are.
See you later.
Goodbye.
That looks like the scar which I saw on that day.
No, I doubt it.
It can't be him.
It can't be.
Gosh, my back.
Should I pack more long sleeves?
You're home.
You're right on time.
Where's your suitcase?
I'm packing up, but I don't see your suitcase.
It's in my trunk.
I'll bring it.
No. I'll go.
You should go and wash up. Key, please.
- Thank you. - Sure.
Here it is.
What's this?
What?
He was wearing a black cap and a black mask.
Jae Hyun was originally my man,
so you must give him back to me!
Do you know...
he was convicted for assault...
and was hospitalized in a mental institute before?
No.
It can't be.
It's can't be you, Jae Hyun.
(Manhole)
Come quickly.
I need to tell you something.
Soo Jin got into a hit-and-run accident.
You need to save Soo Jin!
I can't live if something happens to Soo Jin.
Can you please let me open up this manhole?
I was the one who said...
nothing bad will ever happen to you.
Do you remember anything about the accident?
I'll bring the evidence, so just you wait.